# CS-255-X6103-System-Analysis-and-Design
Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The business owner wanted came to us because he felt there was a need and an opportunity in creating an online program that would allow people who need help passing the DMV driver exam to be able to make reservations for online practice tests, in class lessons, exams, and on the road driving lessons.  This program would be known as driver pass and they came to use to begin the process of designing it.
What did you do particularly well?
I have a better understanding of the SDLC and have become more proficient in creating/understanding activity, sequence, class, and use case diagrams.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
It was not required to add methods to the class diagram in Project 2, but if I could choose one part of my work to revise it would be adding method descriptions to the class diagram.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I interpreted the user's needs by thoroughly reviewing the interview of what the Business Owner wanted the DriverPass system to be able to do and separating each of those needs into classes and functions/methods.  There need for an employee database was a function of the DriverPass program that wasn't uniquely specified as needed but seeing as the company owner would like to be able to block employee access just in case they get fired I deduced that each employee would need an account and have it registered in a database.  So I added that extra functionality to satisfy the Business Owner's need.
How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
At this point I have learned to design software applying the 'just barely enough' principle to the user, customer, company owner, or stakeholders needs in the designs specific functions.  Since we are designing for someones ideal I feel it is our purpose to bring their ideal project to life.  If the project is complex, I would definitely use the process of mapping out the program through investigation of the customer's needs and creating the necessary diagrams to map out the system before beginning to create it.
